[DOCS] Update links (#11911)
storybookjs/storybook: addons/docs/docs/props-tables.md

<br/>

> These controls are implemented appear automatically in the props table when your story accepts [Storybook Args](https://storybook.js.org/docs/formats/component-story-format#args-story-inputs) as its input. This is done slightly differently depending on whether you're using `DocsPage` or `MDX`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These controls are implemented appear automatically in the props table when your story accepts [Storybook Args](https://storybook.js.org/docs/react/api/csf#args-story-inputs) as its input. This is done slightly differently depending on whether you're using `DocsPage` or `MDX`.
```

Author: I have updated all links and force pushed.
